h1. Bookmarks Manager

This tool allows to transform bookmarks export files into various formats.
Currently delicious bookmarks htm format and Firefox 3.6+ json format is implemented.

h2. Importing Delicious Bookmarks into Firefox

h3. Export Delicious Bookmarks

* Go to http://delicious.com
* Settings -> Export / Backup Bookmarks
* Make sure to export tags and descriptions
* Save the file somewhere you find it later again

h3. Export Firefox Bookmarks (do it even if you currently have none)

* Open firefox bookmarks manager (CRTL + SHIFT + o)
* Import and Backup -> Backup ...
* Save the file in the same folder as the delicous file

h3. Download and run delicious2firefox.jar

* Download the jar file from here: "delicious2firefox.jar":https://github.com/downloads/fgutmann/bookmarks-manager/delicious2firefox.jar
* Save it to the same place as the bookmark files
* Open a command promt
** For windows users: Start -> run -> enter "cmd" -> press enter
* Navigate to the folder you saved the files
** For windows users: Enter "cd [path to folder]" into the command promt and hit return
Example: "cd C:\Dokumente und Einstellungen\Besitzer\Eigene Dateien\Downloads"
* Run delicious2firefox.jar
** Enter "java -jar [delicious bookmarks filename] [firefox bookmarks filename] [some new name]"
Example: "java -jar delicious-20110407.htm bookmarks-2011-04-07.json new.json"

h3. Import the New File into Firefox

* Open firefox bookmarks manager again
* Import and Backup -> Restore -> choose file ...
* Choose the newly created file

Voila, you are finished!
All you're delicious bookmarks are imported to firefox including all tags.
